okay so this is the N 1 tablet from
Nokia our re-entry into the consumer
electronics space what we have here is a
premium tablet machined out of a single
piece of aluminum as a unibody design no
seems it's anodized for a satin finish
gives it just enough texture to be
non-slip comes in two colors larva gray
and a natural aluminium and we have here
on the back a 8 megapixel camera and
then on the front 5 megapixel camera on
the bottom we have stereo speakers and
the new USB type-c connector that's
reversible
we have a 7.9 inch IPS display that's
laminated so no air gap that means that
the display element has bonded directly
to the glass and that makes for more
vibrant and vivid image and also a
better viewing angle inside is a 64-bit
intel atom quad-core processor running
at 2.3 gigahertz 2 gigabytes of RAM and
32 gigabytes of internal storage on the
software we developed this android
application launcher that we call z
launcher it's a predictive launcher
which means we attempt to put the right
application in front of the user at the
right time for their current context be
that time of day day of week or location
should we not get it right the user can
just scribble to filter the applications
on the device and find the application
they wish to launch if you launch from
the filtered list we incorporate that
launch information in the current
context back into our machine learning
algorithm so that the entire system
becomes smarter over time and adapts to
you there is still an application draw
for users who wish to navigate their
applications via an A to Z list but we
believe that the Z launcher is the
fastest way to access anything on your
device in under a second